README.md, before:

# Welcome to Remix!

- [Remix Docs](https://remix.run/docs)
- [Netlify Edge Functions Overview](https://docs.netlify.com/edge-functions/overview/)

## Netlify Setup

1. Install the [Netlify CLI](https://docs.netlify.com/cli/get-started/):

```sh
npm i -g netlify-cli
```

If you have previously installed the Netlify CLI, you should update it to the latest version:

```sh
npm i -g netlify-cli@latest
```

2. Sign up and log in to Netlify:

```sh
netlify login
```

3. Create a new site:

```sh
netlify init
```

## Development

Ensure all packages are installed by running:

```sh
npm install
```

Run

```sh
npm run dev
```

Open up [http://localhost:8888](http://localhost:8888), and you're ready to go!

### Serve your site locally

To serve your site locally in a production-like environment, run

```sh
npm run start
```

Your site will be available at [http://localhost:8888](http://localhost:8888). Note that it will not auto-reload when you make changes.

## Excluding routes

You can exclude routes for non-Remix code such as custom Netlify Functions or Edge Functions. To do this, add an additional entry in the array like in the example below:

```diff
export const config = {
  cache: "manual",
  path: "/*",
  // Let the CDN handle requests for static assets, i.e. /_assets/*
  //
  // Add other exclusions here, e.g. "/api/*" for custom Netlify functions or
  // custom Netlify Edge Functions
-  excluded_patterns: ["/_assets/*"],
+  excluded_patterns: ["/_assets/*", "/api/*"],
};
```

## Deployment

There are two ways to deploy your app to Netlify, you can either link your app to your git repo and have it auto deploy changes to Netlify, or you can deploy your app manually. If you've followed the setup instructions already, all you need to do is run this:

```sh
# preview deployment
netlify deploy --build

# production deployment
netlify deploy --build --prod
```

Commit message:

feat: read me how to start

README.md, after:

# Start new project and connect to github

…or create a new repository on the command line
echo "# remix-starter" >> README.md
git init
git add README.md
git commit -m "first commit"
git branch -M main
git remote add origin https://github.com/Heldigb/remix-starter.git
git push -u origin main
…or push an existing repository from the command line
git remote add origin https://github.com/Heldigb/remix-starter.git
git branch -M main
git push -u origin main
…or import code from another repository
You can initialize this repository with code from a Subversion, Mercurial, or TFS project.

# Welcome to Remix!

- [Remix Docs](https://remix.run/docs)
- [Netlify Edge Functions Overview](https://docs.netlify.com/edge-functions/overview/)

## Netlify Setup

1. Install the [Netlify CLI](https://docs.netlify.com/cli/get-started/):

```sh
npm i -g netlify-cli
```

If you have previously installed the Netlify CLI, you should update it to the latest version:

```sh
npm i -g netlify-cli@latest
```

2. Sign up and log in to Netlify:

```sh
netlify login
```

3. Create a new site:

```sh
netlify init
```

## Development

Ensure all packages are installed by running:

```sh
npm install
```

Run

```sh
npm run dev
```

Open up [http://localhost:8888](http://localhost:8888), and you're ready to go!

### Serve your site locally

To serve your site locally in a production-like environment, run

```sh
npm run start
```

Your site will be available at [http://localhost:8888](http://localhost:8888). Note that it will not auto-reload when you make changes.

## Excluding routes

You can exclude routes for non-Remix code such as custom Netlify Functions or Edge Functions. To do this, add an additional entry in the array like in the example below:

```diff
export const config = {
  cache: "manual",
  path: "/*",
  // Let the CDN handle requests for static assets, i.e. /_assets/*
  //
  // Add other exclusions here, e.g. "/api/*" for custom Netlify functions or
  // custom Netlify Edge Functions
-  excluded_patterns: ["/_assets/*"],
+  excluded_patterns: ["/_assets/*", "/api/*"],
};
```

## Deployment

There are two ways to deploy your app to Netlify, you can either link your app to your git repo and have it auto deploy changes to Netlify, or you can deploy your app manually. If you've followed the setup instructions already, all you need to do is run this:

```sh
# preview deployment
netlify deploy --build

# production deployment
netlify deploy --build --prod
```
